finally they get a tip off a snow
leopard has been seen coming close to a
nearby village
I just hope it's there when we get there
I fast come his cargo
having spent weeks searching Pakistan's
wildest frontiers could the team really
succeed in the place so accessible to
humans once there is truth in the rumors
a leopard is not only here but out in
full view
it's just the most fabulous fabulous
feeling ever right in front of us is one
of the most elusive creatures in the
world looking straight at us right now
oh here we go
hello for years scientists and
filmmakers have tried to get close to
the Snow Leopard and failed but now here
was a Snow Leopard venturing into our
world no longer the stuff of myth and
legend but a living breathing animal
day after day mark is able to film this
consummate Mountaineer a creature
utterly at home on these perilous slips
the markings provide superb camouflage
whilst her giant pores and immense tail
and then balance to some very precarious
maneuvers
a wild Snow Leopard relaxed in the
presence of humans is completely unheard
of why should an animal accustomed to
roaming hundreds of miles keep returning
to the same spot before mark and missile
can find the answer she disappears